Post-implementation man page update for security-file-token-provider. (#39)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: security/security-file-token-provider.1.rst

::

  "display_name": token-service-name
  "no_parent":    true
  "policies":     [ "edgex-service-service-name" ]

Note that ``display_name`` is set by vault to be "token-" + the specified display name.

> This is hard-coded into ``token_store.go`` in Vault and cannot be changed.

Reviewer: You don't need to mention where this is hard-coded I guarantee you exactly 0.1 microseconds after you merge this it will become out-of-date :smile: Just delete this line, but it's okay to still mention it's hard-coded here.

Author: Made statement less-specific.

Reviewer: @bnevis-i it doesn't look like this line was changed at all...

for clarity, here is what I would propose:

```suggestion
This is currently hard-coded into in Vault version X.Y.Z and cannot be changed.
```

Author: Checked my modification in this time.
